hi I'm Eric zero from photography video
blog comm that's written here and today
we're going to check speed light which
is not really new but what about PR old
but had the Spanish version of this
video and I thought maybe some people
would be interested to have it in
English this is the speed light yong-hwa
560 version 2 okay mark 2 as some people
say when you order it directly from
jung-woo on ebay they also send you a
stuffin which is not the case with many
other seller that just saw you the flash
modest often now that I use it much but
you have it so why not a what's in the
box
well logically I think you Specter flash
there is a flash it was better packed
but already opened it for the videos
okay here's the flash it looks quite
close to a 580 ex2f ex2 from Canon is
basically the same shape shape it means
all accessories will work on this one
exactly the same here are small stands
to the small porch to keep it so I'm
putting some batteries in there and we
check how it works exactly
okay okay here's a flash so try not to
move too much so it's keeps in focus
first say there is a little food here
you can lock it here in the front this
is not an autofocus beam but this is the
small window that gets the signal for
when you use it in a slave mode okay
we'll see it in a second here if you
pick up if you take this out you see a
connector for external battery and here
you have a connector for a synchro cable
the batteries in there for batteries
double-a okay and so to switch it on you
just keep pressed there you are okay
and here you have if you want to check
if the intro / works just press here
strongly and then this is that the pilot
is a test button okay so first first
button if you want to have the sound off
or on you press it oh sorry okay then
you have it on you have it off so it
means when it's ready it will beep or
not depends when where you are doing
some pictures maybe you don't want this
sound to - no you - no you or people to
be aware you taking pictures with this
okay then you have the mode the mode is
first the mo which is master it means
this flash is not waiting for any signal
external signal from another flash it
just will a fire when it gets the signal
from the connector here whether it's on
the camera or whether it's in it's on a
trigger okay then you have the S mode
this is for a slave it means when it is
another flash fire then it fires - the
problem is some camera or some flashes
have a brief flash so then it could fire
in the in the runtime so for that you
have the mode which is called s2 if this
is the flash that you're going to use to
find this one as a pre flash you should
use it on s2 okay then you have the
multi mode multi is sports from scopic
pictures you know these pictures that
you put a slow slow speed on your camera
and then you have something that has a
movement in the dark you do that in the
dark you know full on the black
background and fully dark so then each
flash is going to make a stop the
movement on the picture and then you
will see how far my hand is moving like
this will say tick tick tick tick tick
this way now so you need like this so
for to set it up you must a
on multi sorry multi and then you must
set the you must set the the frequency
you're going to use in Earth's okay then
you have the zoom button so you can set
from 24 to 105 millimeters
it means 34 28 35 don't forget this is a
fully manual flash it means all this you
have to city set it up yourself you can
use this flash on a camera of course but
it's still manual you need to do
everything yourself okay
then you have the power when sorry we
must go back to master okay here and it
goes in third so it means when I use the
written talk button this one it goes
full aperture a while ago through full
power say 1/16 1/8 1/4 1/2 100% if I
want to go in third I use the vertical
button half and two-thirds 1/2 and 1/2
1/2 and 1/3 off 1/4 2/3 one port and 1/2
1/4 1/3 and so on ok and what basically
that's it that's the way it works it's
very easy to set up a lot easier than
before you had some led LED lights to
see exactly what you were doing now with
the small screen it's easier to switch
it off of course you can move it all
around
ok guys here yes
ok for making a catch light in the eyes
and here if you're using a really wide
angle you have this okay well now I go
back at my seat for the conclusion see
you in a bit
ok I hope you've seen like this veto it
works and thank you for watching me a
don't forget to follow the blog which is
photography video blog comm that's
written here and also subscribe to the
YouTube chat YouTube channel which is
youtube.com slash photography video blog
and we'll see you soon
with new products or tips or whatever
thank you